I'm so cold
What's up?
My chest hurts, your chest hurts
I'll take you to the hospital
Don't go to the hospital
Mr. Li
go out
Li Zeyan is so handsome
No, why am I here?
Are you a kettle?
So loud
You bully me
Don't be bloody
I watched over you all night
You haven't touched a finger
What is this?
Miss Ben is a lively beauty
He was indifferent
Young Master Li will not be so calm now, right?
Su Yaoan
No matter how graceful I am
I am also a man
You have to seduce me like this again
At your own risk
I know, you let me go first
I was kidding.
Dare to provoke me again
Next time it won't be so easy to let you go
OK
Well, why don't you eat it? Look at how you eat
Full, what Brother Zeyan means is
See how happy I am eating, you are already very satisfied
I went through such a bad thing yesterday
Thank you for having such a good appetite
My mom died a long time ago
My dad passed away a few years ago
Making a living at the hands of a stepmother
Bad things happen every day
If I didn't eat, I would have starved to death
Excuse me?
I am more protective of food
Don't be embarrassed.
continue
The head of the Li family is mine
You are mine too
Do you know what the flower language of hydrangea is?
Is a trap